Documentation: Kedro-Viz in VSCode Kedro extension (#2078)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: docs/source/kedro-viz_visualisation.md

const MyApp = () => <div style={{height: `100vh`}}><KedroViz data={json} options={options} /></div>;
``` 

> For more information on how to use kedro as React component with all possible props please refer to [Kedro-Viz on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@quantumblack/kedro-viz)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on how to use kedro as React component with all possible props, see [Kedro-Viz on NPM](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@quantumblack/kedro-viz)
```

Reviewer 2: Is it not `npm`? I thought I see this more common, but not sure. 
![Uploading image.png…]()
